the shell of this place halt do not
carry that Blake any further what is
that up ahead do you realize what you've
done at my side
you have boards this blade from Sarah
Knight the very blood of an old God the
power of the Lich King calls to this
weapon each moment you tarry here tell
tell our drinks in the evil of this
place there is only one way to cleanse
this sword make haste for the sunwell
and immerse the blade in its waters I
can resist rust mourns call no more
greetings
a new bell or a de Lana
we must defend the Sun well from the
enemy at all costs I am ordering you to
withdraw to the Sun well proper to help
prepare the defenses I will make my
stand here and buy you as much time as
I'm able use it well and make our Prince
proud it has been a great honor to fight
beside you in defense of our land and
our people
you
you stranger you are not one of my
soldiers will you stay and stand with me
to face the enemy listen well scourge
the filers none of you will reach the
Sun well so long as I stand
have a target I need a target
I I wasn't meant to survive this attack
why has this happened why have you come
here it's quelled a lot you possess the
sword I don't know how but the blade has
chosen you to be its new wielder take it
with my blessing and wield it against
the scourge as I once did